Made compute zone name generic (#1431)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/google/step-zero-gcp.rst

   * ``--zone`` specifies the data center zone where your cluster will be created.
     You can pick something from `this list
     <https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/#available>`_
     that is not too far away from your users.                   

>    *  Note: A region is a geographical location used to host resources, comprising one or more zones.                                   

Reviewer: @metonymic-smokey In rst markup format, a note is added using:

```
.. note::  This is a **note** box.
```

https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/sphinx/rest_syntax.html#colored-boxes-note-seealso-todo-and-warnings

   * ``--zone`` specifies the data center zone where your cluster will be created.
     You can pick something from `this list
     <https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/#available>`_
     that is not too far away from your users.                   
   *  .. note::
         

>          A region is a geographical location used to host resources, comprising one or more zones.                                      

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         A region in GCP is a geographical region with at least three zones, where each zone is representing a datacenter to with servers etc.                                     
```

      
         * A regional cluster creates pods across zones in a region(three by default), distributing Kubernetes resources across multiple zones in the region. This is different from the default cluster, which has all its resources within a single zone(as shown above).
         

>          * A regional cluster is also highly available(HA) with zero downtime for upgrades. This results in the cluster being highly available for deployments even in situations like a single node being upgraded.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         * A regional cluster has Highly Available (HA) kubernetes api-servers, this allows jupyterhub which use them to have no downtime during upgrades of kubernetes itself.
```

         
         * They also increase control plane uptime to 99.95%. 
         

>          * To avoid tripling the number of nodes without losing these benefits, the ``--node-locations`` flag suffixed with a location can be used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         * To avoid tripling the number of nodes while still having HA kubernetes, the ``--node-locations`` flag can be used to specify a single zone to use.
```
